(LOOΠΔ has arrived at the studio!)
(Choerry has learned a dance called 'Water snake dance' from somewhere)
Choerry: I've learned 'Water snake dance'!
Choerry: ViVi, please follow this dance!
Choerry: Oh, you're perfect for it!
HyunJin: What?
(HyunJin's dress looks like a water snake!)
Choerry: ViVi, a water snake has black and white stripes like this clothes~
Choerry: And this is water and a snake swims like this...
(Anyway, that's the reason why this dance is called 'Water snake dance'...)
(ViVi doing it perfectly, too!)
YeoJin: I borrowed this hat from our clothes teacher~
YeoJin: It's a perfectly fit with me~
YeoJin: Choerry?
Choerry: Yeah?
YeoJin: Look at this hat
YeoJin: Doesn't it look good on me?
Choerry: ......
Choerry: Yes...
(Choerry knows nothing but the water snake dance!!)
Choerry: Water snake dance...
Choerry: Okay, try it!
YeoJin: What is it?
Choerry: Water~ snake~ dance~
YeoJin: What is it? Looks ugly~
Choerry: In summer, you can see...
(Explain later)
(Choerry's water snake dance is upgraded after meeting YeoJin!)
Choerry: Perfect!
YeoJin: Perfect!
YeoJin: Please share the royalty with me~
Choerry: Ah, okay!
(The copyright for this dance belongs to Choerry and YeoJin!)
Choerry: Water snake dance~
(Please follow this dance~!